Seal ModularTenantEvents & DeploymentSourceBase implementations (#16897)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/3.0.0.md

#### Login View Update

The `ExternalLogin` action has been removed from the `Account` controller. If you are using a custom `Login.cshtml` view or `Login` template, please update the external login form action. As of this update, the `ExternalLogin` action has been relocated to the `ExternalAuthentications` controller.

### Sealing Types

> Many type commonly used by modules can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your own extensions as well. We've implemented this enhancement in the following pull-request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many type commonly used classes can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your own extensions as well. We've implemented this enhancement in the following pull-requests:
```

Author: It's a one PR not many. FYI I just used the same phrases from `2.x`

Reviewer: yes. but you listed the PR as bullet points implying multiple related PR. Either we remove the bullets or change it to the suggestion.

#### AssignRoleToUsers Permission Update

The `AssignRoleToUsers` permission is no longer implicitly granted by `EditUsers`. To maintain the same behavior, make sure to explicitly assign the `AssignRoleToUsers` permission to any role that already has the `EditUsers` permission.

### Sealing Types

> Many type commonly used by modules can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your own extensions as well. We've implemented this enhancement in the following pull-request:
> 
> - [16897](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16897)

Author: ```suggestion
Many type commonly used by modules can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your own extensions as well. We've implemented this enhancement in the following pull request [16897](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16897)
```
